Move Error Action section from Extbase Fluid book (#2160)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-CoreApi: Documentation/ExtensionArchitecture/Extbase/Reference/Controller/ErrorAction.rst

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt
.. index::
   Extbase; Errors
   Extbase; errorAction
.. _extbase_error_action:

============
Error action
============

Extbase offers an out of the box handling for errors. Errors might occur during
the mapping of incoming action arguments. For example, an argument can not
be mapped or validation did not pass.

How it works
============

.. rst-class:: bignums-xxl

#. Extbase will try to map all arguments within :php:`ActionController`. During
   this process arguments will also be validated.

#. If an error occurred, the class will call the :php:`$this->errorMethodName`
   instead of determined :php:`$this->actionMethodName`.

#. The default is to call :php:`errorAction()` which will:

   #. Clear cache in case :typoscript:`persistence.enableAutomaticCacheClearing` is
      activated and current scope is frontend.

   #. Add an error :ref:`Flash Message <t3coreapi:flash-messages>`
      by calling :php:`addErrorFlashMessage()`.

>       Which in turn will call :php:`getErrorFlashMessage()` to retrieve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      It will in turn call :php:`getErrorFlashMessage()` to retrieve the
```

      message to show.

>    #. Forward back to referring request. If no referrer exists, a plain text

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Return the user to the referring request URL. If no referrer exists, a plain text
```
